## 算法需求
When you design and analyze algorithms, you need to be able to describe how they operate and how to design them. You also need some mathematical tools to show that your algorithms do the right thing and do it efûciently.
## 算法定义
Informally, an algorithm is any well-deûned computational procedure that takes some value, or set of values, as input and produces some value, or set of values, as output in a ûnite amount of time. An algorithm is thus a sequence of computational steps that transform the input into the output.
## 问题定义
The statement of the problem speciûes in general terms the desired input/output relationship for problem instances, typically of arbitrarily large size. The algorithm describes a speciûc computational procedure for achieving that input/output relationship for all problem instances.
## 算法与数据结构
A data structure is a way to storeand organize data in order to facilitate access and modiûcations. Using the appropriate data structure or structures is an important part of algorithm design. No single data structure works well for all purposes, and so you should know the strengths and limitations of several of them
## 为什么需要算法
Of course, computers may be fast, but they are not inûnitely fast. Computing time is therefore a bounded resource, which makes it precious. Although the saying goes, Time is money,= time is even more valuable than money: you can get back money after you spend it, but once time is spent, you can never get it back. Memory may be inexpensive, but it is neither inûnite nor free. You should choose algorithms that use the resources of time and space efûciently
## 分治法三步走
1. Divide the problem into one or more subproblems that are smaller instances of the same problem.
2. Conquer the subproblems by solving them recursively.
3. Combine the subproblem solutions to form a solution to the original problem